Add `context` option (#777)
sindresorhus/got: readme.md

JSON body. If the `Content-Type` header is not set, it will be set to `application/json`.

###### context

Type: `unknown`

> User data. In contrast to other options, `context` is not enumerable.

Reviewer: I think it needs some more non-code explanation than just "User data.". What is its purpose? Use-cases.

We should also mention that it's just passed through. Never merged. And Got never touches it.

JSON body. The `Content-Type` header will be set to `application/json` if it's not defined.

###### userData

> Type: `any`

Reviewer 2: For type safety, would this not be better as `unknown`?

Author: Indeed. Also I forgot to add it to the types.

> User data. In the opposite to other options, `userData` is not enumerable.

Reviewer: As a user reading this description, it's not clear what it's for or how it's useful to me as a user. I think we need to describe what they could use it for. Would also be great with a simple code example.

> User data. In the opposite to other options, `userData` is not enumerable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User data. In contrast to other options, `userData` is not enumerable.
```
